hey y'all I'm April McKinney and today
I'm going to be making something I call
weeknight tacos and I call these we
might talk week night tacos because
whenever I was growing up my mom used to
make tacos a lot and it would usually be
on the weeknights it was just something
quick and easy and we all really liked
it and it was usually the kind with the
ground beef and then you have the
seasoning packet and the taco shells the
crispy taco shells and it was just so
good and we usually had it with
applesauce and it's so funny because I'm
actually pregnant
I'm almost two months pregnant and I was
craving these tacos like a couple weeks
ago early cravings I guess but I really
I just had to have these tacos I thought
I just wanna come up with my own recipe
I'll just make my own and so I made
these and I even got the crunchy shells
and everything and I even served it with
applesauce and it just really hit the
spot
so I thought I would share this with you
guys and you can kind of enjoy the
fruits of my pregnancy cravings so the
first thing I want to do is I want to
mix together the seasoning packet
obviously I'm not going to use a packet
I'm going to show you how to do this
with seasonings you probably already
have in your pantry one thing you want
to start out with is one tablespoon of
cornstarch and the rest I'm making right
now it's going to feed about three
people so you're probably going to want
to double this you have like four adults
in your family it's a little too much
for two people but probably not enough
for four so one tablespoon of cornstarch
is going in and then you want to get in
1 teaspoon of chili powder right in
there I'm going to get some paprika and
do also 1 teaspoon of paprika we're also
going to get in 1 teaspoon of cumin and
this would be a great thing to do if you
wanted to like triple this or even
quadruple this and just make a big batch
of the seasoning that way you've got it
you go until you want to make these
tacos okay and now I'm going to get in a
half teaspoon of garlic powder a half
teaspoon of onion powder and a half
teaspoon of dried oregano all righty
and then we got to have some salt in
here sometimes about 3/4 teaspoon of
salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper
now it's a lot of seasonings but if you
look at the back of this package you're
going to see a lot of these kind of
seasonings on there and it just makes it
taste really flavorful and I mean these
are so good they're I think they might
be even better than the packet kind but
you don't have to worry about too much
salt in these or you know sometimes on
this package you're going to see some
ingredients you don't know what they are
this you know exactly what's going in it
it's just regular spices that you like I
said you probably already have in your
pantry so just get that mixed up a
little bit
perfect I'll get these seasonings put
away we're going to chop up an onion and
I'm also going to make a little
guacamole topping for our tacos okay so
what I have here is some tomato and
avocado that I've just chopped up and
then to this I'm going to add some
garlic I'm just adding about a teaspoon
of garlic and this is going to be a nice
little guacamole topping on top of my
weeknight tacos my mom didn't usually
make the guacamole part I kind of added
that in because I just love guacamole
but you we usually had you know shredded
lettuce and chopped up tomatoes and
things like that
but this is so simple to whip up and
avocados are a lot more common now than
they were back in the early 90s all
right you can see how that's starting to
look like welcome only very very simple
especially if you've got a good ripe
avocado it just comes together really
well now I'm just gonna have a little
lemon juice to this normally I'll
probably use lime juice but I don't have
any lime today so the lemon juice will
work well so just get that mixed up the
lemon juice is going to add and I
tange it's also going to keep the
avocado from turning brown so just two
things and then a little bit of salt and
that is it that is our box from only
topping very easy very yummy it's going
to be delicious on top of those tacos so
now let's go ahead and cook up our
ground beef and I'll show you how simple
this is okay so I'm now just browning
the ground beef I'm using really lean
ground beef so there's not a lot of fat
in this at all
we really don't need a lot of fat in
this ground beef because we're going to
add so much flavor to it so I'm sure you
have all done this before just breaking
up the ground beef as it Browns and I
did go ahead and buy the crunchy shell I
just seriously I had that prepared
shells I want it to be just like it was
when I was a kid so get the crunchy
shell and you put these in the oven at
350 just according to the package that's
just going to make it make the shells a
little crispier all right once you've
got it pretty well broken up I'm going
to go ahead and add in my onion and just
continue browning the beef until it's
all all that pink is cooked out of it so
now that the beef is pretty well cooked
through I'm going to go ahead and add
our seasonings and this also has the
corn starch in it so it's about the same
amount as a packet of taco seasoning has
in it
mmm already smelling good bringing back
memories
I think this might be a new just weekly
dish that I make again bringing it back
okay so what I'm going to do now
is get that in there make sure
everything's mixed up well all the
ground beef is broken up so what I'm
going to do is take a half cup of water
just like if they big did with those
packets put that in there and I'm just
going to go ahead and cover this up and
let it simmer for about five minutes
with the top on then I'll take the top
off and let this simmer for another five
minutes and then it would be just really
rich and look just like that a weeknight
taco that we had as kids so I'll show
you what it looks like we get done all
right y'all
it looks perfect it smells even better
and I just can't wait to dig into this
I'm going to show you I'm just going to
simple one of these I've already got my
tacos up the oven my taco shells put a
little ground beef in here
all right put some of this guacamole
actually I do a little cheese first I
have fresh grated some pepper jack
cheese this is really going to be
awesome and then some of my gummy
guacamole in here YUM fresh guacamole so
this is my new and improved version of
the weeknight taco smell amazing it
looks so good and I can't wait for you
guys to try this one out let me know
what you think at the bottom of the
video and also enjoyed this video you
wanna see more of my recipes
[Music]